# Sky Wars Feedback/Issues/Errata

Gameplay feedback including issues and improvements with careers, talents, items, equipment, ships and more


1. [Blademaster Dance of Death's penalty is too long](https://www.reddit.com/r/swrpg/comments/5jl3ol/sky_wars_edge_of_the_kingdom_a_free_120_page/dbh7bwk/)
2. [Druid Shapeshift ability is too difficult/costly](https://www.reddit.com/r/swrpg/comments/5jl3ol/sky_wars_edge_of_the_kingdom_a_free_120_page/dbha5tl/)
3. The Firelord talent could be renamed to something like "Magic Flare" or "Burst of Power". Mainly because the characters won't always be using fire for the Blast effect. 
4. [Not a fan of Arcana](https://www.reddit.com/r/skywarsrpg/comments/5jm51d/sky_wars_feedbackissueserrata/dbipd4f/). It is basically Use Magical Device from earlier editions of DnD. There are a multitude of design reasons for that no longer being included in modern systems. (TBD on this, requires a ton of changes and people can just use it less if they don't see a need for it. I agree for the most part though).
5. [Golems get the shaft:](https://community.fantasyflightgames.com/topic/237571-sky-wars-edge-of-the-kingdom-a-free-120-page-fantasy-conversion/?p=2553708) There are quite a few people who feel that Droids get the shaft in FFG's Star Wars RPG, but it seems like you've done worse by your Golems in EotK. For instance, Droids start out with 65XP more than Humans, but with all their base characteristics at 1. To make up for the 55XP deficit (that is, 20XP per characteristic to get each to 2, minus the 65XP bonus they start with), they are immune to mental force powers, get extra skill points at start, don't need to eat, sleep, or breathe, are immune to toxins, and can have a higher number of cybernetics. Your Golems, on the other hand, only get 50XP more than humans, still start with all characteristics at 1, and lack any immunity to magic (your system's equivalent to the Force) or some sort of analog to increased cybernetics (at least as far as I can tell at first blush). In other words, they start with a 70XP deficit to humans (that is, 20XP per characteristic to get each to 2, minus the 50 bonus XP they start with), and less to justify it. (X)
6. Warlock can't get Soul Siphon until they take Improved Soul Siphon (intentional?)
7. The way Ability trees are set up confused me somewhat, with some things apparently having no connections but actually just being buyable from start but being on lower rows. I didn't expect them to be several tiny talent trees as opposed to one large one. (X)
8. I'd suggest thinking about something that we came up with in terms of Armor - we added the Bulky quality, as we found that otherwise armor quickly became unbalanced, as per the core rules encumbrance is less important once the armor is put on... or, you just can't carry *anything* (including a sword) but the armor, which doesn't feel very Fantasy. Just something to think about and address during the Beta. ([From author of Edge of the Aquilonian Empire Author](https://community.fantasyflightgames.com/topic/237571-sky-wars-edge-of-the-kingdom-a-free-120-page-fantasy-conversion/?p=2555717))
9. Since you have Air Ships (awesome!) you might want to take a look at the ship combat rules we added, specifically the bit about ramming.
10. Pole weapons (Pikes, Halberds, etc...) need some love - again, we added two weapon qualities just to address them. Take a look, and again - just something to think about in your Beta.
11. [Specialization changes:](https://community.fantasyflightgames.com/topic/237571-sky-wars-edge-of-the-kingdom-a-free-120-page-fantasy-conversion/?p=2558343) Instead they could be more like componants to mix and match to make the character you like.  So if you want to make a Ranger take a Archer spec and combine with a Outdoorsman spec.  Combine the Outdoorsman spec with Divine Magic for Druid.  Combine Divine Magic with Healer for Cleric and Healer and Knight for a Paladin...  It's more of a building blocks approach to character building than D&D, because where D&D you mostly pick one class and stick with it for your entire campaign, in EotE you are expected to mix up several and make different combinations to create your own unique character.
12. Air Pirates - Piloting is not a career or bonus skill. However, Piloting is a Bonus skill for Wizards. (X)
13. Druid Bonus skill - Demons&Monsters but isn't even a career skill for Wizards. (It is for Warlocks, and Druids deal with creatures a lot in the wild...I think this still makes sense).
14. Ability Tree buying - You should state somewhere in the book how your ability trees are purchased. Many trees have abilities that aren't linked to the top row, which never happens in normal EotE. My understanding is that the disconnected abilities can be purchased at the top of their respective trees, regardless of where it is on the page, but I don't think it's ever explicitly stated in the book. (X)
15. Priest - Burst of Healing: The priest has the ability "Burst of Healing" that has no listed target. The way it's written implies that you can only use the power on yourself, but it's not explicitly stated. It's pretty weird if it is intended for self healing, because it lets you heal 2 strain by spending 1 strain, which is pretty unintuitive. A little more clarification on this ability would be helpful.
16. Wizard - Time Stop ability is crazy powerful and there's no limitations to how often it can be used.
17. Priest - Resurrection ability feels like it should be more expensive (maybe flip a destiny point or something)
